AMAZON RIVER DOLPHIN (INIA GEOFFRENSIS)

The Amazon river dolphin is the largest species of river dolphin (also known as the boto, bufeo or pink river dolphin), with adult males reaching 185 kilograms in weight, and 2.5 metres in length. Adults acquire a pink color, more prominent in males, giving it its nickname "pink river dolphin". 
They have one of the widest ranging diets among toothed whales, and feed on up to 53 different species of fish, such as croakers, catfish, tetras and piranhas. They also consume other animals such as river turtles and freshwater crabs.

BAIJI – CHINESE RIVER DOLPHIN (LIPOTES VEXILLIFER)

The dolphin is also called Chinese river dolphin, Yangtze River dolphin, whitefin dolphin and Yangtze dolphin. It was regarded as the goddess of protection by local fishermen and boatmen in China. 
The baiji population declined drastically in decades as China industrialized and made heavy use of the river for fishing, transportation, and hydroelectricity. It has been credibly claimed, after surveys in the Yangtze River during the 1980s, that baiji could be the first dolphin species in history that humans have driven to extinction.


SPINNER DOLPHIN (STENELLA LONGIROSTRIS)

If you have had the opportunity to see a dolphin that performs incredible spins in the air and very energetic jumps in the ocean, perhaps it was a spinner dolphin, because no other species beats them in this area.
The spinner dolphin lives in nearly all tropical and subtropical waters between 40°N and 40°S. The species primarily inhabits coastal waters, islands, or banks. However, in the eastern tropical Pacific, dolphins live far from shore.

COMMERSON’S DOLPHIN (CEPHALORHYNCHUS COMMERSONII)

The Commerson’s dolphin is also known as the skunk dolphin or panda dolphin. It is one of the four members of the genus Cephalorhynchus, a group of dolphins very attractive because of the coloring patterns of their skin.
The dolphin is named for French naturalist Dr Philibert Commerson, who first described them in 1767 after sighting them in the Strait of Magellan.

BOTTLENOSE DOLPHIN (TURSIOPS TRUNCATUS)

No other dolphin species is known, studied and beloved in the world more than the bottlenose dolphin. Charismatic, playful and intelligent are some of the words often associated with this dolphin. And it has been presented in several manifestations of human culture such as films, literature, television, and much more, but not only in modern times, since the age of the Greek civilization, there are records of interaction with this cetacean.

Its presence in aquariums and dolphinariums is also very common which makes it the most familiar and recognized species of dolphin.



IRRAWADDY DOLPHIN (ORCAELLA BREVIROSTRIS)

The Irrawaddy river dolphin is a species that belong to the group of oceanic dolphins. Paradoxically, it is not a dolphin exclusively of freshwater. It is closely related to the Orca (Orcinus orca), and it is one of the most threatened extant dolphins. The Irrawaddy dolphin thrives in tropical and subtropical waters of the Indo-Pacific region on and near shallow coastal waters. 

In Laos, the inhabitants have the belief that humans can reincarnate in these dolphins.



